{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\ul\b\f0\fs28 BROTHER MFL-PRO SUITE README FILE\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult0\qj\ulnone\fs20\par
1. Brother Solutions Center\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sl204\slmult0\qj\b0 For the latest drivers and to find the best solution for your problem or questions, access the Brother Solutions Center directly from the printer driver or go to \cf1\ul http://solutions.brother.com\ulnone\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sl204\slmult0\cf0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b 2. Brother RemoteSetup uses portions copyright\par
\b0 Portions copyright (c) Chris Maunder, 1998-2008\par
Portions copyright (c) Ken Bertelson, 1998-2008\par
Portions copyright (c) Norm Almond, 1998-2008\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sl204\slmult0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sl204\slmult0\qj\b 3. Brother Customer Service and Technical Support numbers\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\cf2\b0 Brother Customer Service offers friendly comprehensive service for Brother FAX/MFC/DCP and Printer products. \par
\pard If you have read the User Guide and Online Documentation and still have a question, our Brother Customer Service Staff is available to assist you. Brother also provides helpful troubleshooting steps on our Website at \cf0 http://www.brother.com/\cf2  or http://solutions.brother.com. If you decide to contact us by telephone, please have the following information available: model number, serial number, sales receipt showing the date and place of purchase and how to reach you by telephone and fax in case a representative needs to return your call. \par
USA: \par
(voice)\tab\tab\tab 1-877-BROTHER (1-877-276-8437)\par
(fax)\tab\tab\tab 1-901-379-1215 \par
\~ \par
From within Canada: \par
(voice)\tab\tab\tab 1-877-BROTHER \par
(fax)\tab\tab\tab (514) 685-4898 \par
\~ \par
\pard\ri30\sb100\sa100\b\~Note:\b0\par
\b\~\b0 For support outside the USA and Canada please contact the Brother Office in your region.\par
\~\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\ul\b Brother Homepage: \ulnone\b0\par
Visit the Brother Home page on the World Wide Web at http://www.brother.com. \par
Visit the Brother Solutions Center at http://solutions.brother.com. \par
\~\par
\par
\ul\b To Order Brother Accessories:\ulnone\b0  \par
For best quality results use only genuine Brother supplies, which are available at most Brother retailers. If you cannot find the supplies you need and you have a Visa, MasterCard, Discover or American Express credit card, you can order supplies directly from Brother. (You can visit us online for a complete selection of the Brother accessories and supplies that are available for purchase.) \par
USA: \par
(voice)\tab\tab\tab 1-877-552-MALL (1-877-552-6255)\par
(fax)\tab\tab\tab 1-800-947-1445 \par
(World Wide Web)      http://www.brothermall.com \par
\~\par
Canada: \par
(voice)\tab\tab\tab 1-877-BROTHER\par
(World Wide Web)      http://www.brother.ca \par
Note: In Canada, only Visa and MasterCard are accepted.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult0\qj\cf0\b 4. OpenSSL\par
\pard\b0 If any OpenSSL is incorporated into this software and/or firmware, the following LICENSE ISSUES and Original SSLeay License shall be applied.\par
\par
 LICENSE ISSUES\par
 ==============\par
\par
  The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a dual license, i.e. both the conditions of\par
  the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.\par
  See below for the actual license texts. Actually both licenses are BSD-style\par
  Open Source licenses. In case of any license issues related to OpenSSL\par
  please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.\par
\par
  OpenSSL License\par
  ---------------------------\par
\par
/* ====================================================================\par
 * Copyright (c) 1998-2005 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 *\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
 *\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in\par
 *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
 *    distribution.\par
 *\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this\par
 *    software must display the following acknowledgment:\par
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project\par
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"\par
 *\par
 * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to\par
 *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without\par
 *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact\par
 *    openssl-core@openssl.org.\par
 *\par
 * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"\par
 *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written\par
 *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.\par
 *\par
 * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following\par
 *    acknowledgment:\par
 *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project\par
 *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"\par
 *\par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY\par
 * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR\par
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR\par
 * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
 * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT\par
 * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\par
 * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,\par
 * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED\par
 * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 * ====================================================================\par
 *\par
 * This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young\par
 * (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim\par
 * Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).\par
 *\par
 */\par
\par
 Original SSLeay License\par
 -----------------------------------\par
\par
/* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)\par
 * All rights reserved.\par
 *\par
 * This package is an SSL implementation written\par
 * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).\par
 * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.\par
 * \par
 * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as\par
 * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions\par
 * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,\par
 * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation\par
 * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms\par
 * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).\par
 * \par
 * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in\par
 * the code are not to be removed.\par
 * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution\par
 * as the author of the parts of the library used.\par
 * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or\par
 * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.\par
 * \par
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
 * are met:\par
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
 * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software\par
 *    must display the following acknowledgement:\par
 *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by\par
 *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"\par
 *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library\par
 *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).\par
 * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from \par
 *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:\par
 *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"\par
 * \par
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND\par
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE\par
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
 * SUCH DAMAGE.\par
 * \par
 * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or\par
 * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be\par
 * copied and put under another distribution licence\par
 * [including the GNU Public Licence.]\par
 */\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sl240\slmult0\par
}
 